This program (SUTOOLCSV) is equally usefull and useable for 3D and 2D
geometry situations. And also for handling values such as statics.

But most examples herein concentrate on its use 
for 3D land/ocean-bottom-cable geometry.

SUTOOLCSV can input fixed-format files and parse them into 
comma-separated-values (CSV) files and assign values to SU key names.
As it parses the files, SUTOOLCSV also examines them and reports 
errors/issues/problems with the values in the input text files. 
In particular, SUTOOLCSV has high-level options which "know" the
standard SPS2 and SPS1 files used for 3D and 2D land geometry. 
The CSV files output by SUTOOLCSV can be input to SpreadSheets
(Microsoft Excell, libreOffice Calc) and repaired/altered/modified
if needed to overcome SU limitations. SUTOOLCSV can also perform the
reverse function (turn these CSV files back into SPS2 or SPS1 
fixed-format files). But SUTOOLCSV is generic and can perform
fixed-format to CSV and CSV back to fixed-format for other situations
and any SU key values.

The ability to use CSV files for geometry leads in the direction of 
using SpreadSheets or SQL databases to by-pass the 240 byte header
limitations of SU. Basically you just have to make sure the X, S, 
and R records of SPS2 format have unique mapping values for their
equivalent SpreadSheet/SQL tables produced from the CSV files output
by SUTOOLCSV - and make sure SUGEOMCSV updates those unique mapping
values to known SU trace keys. Which fits easily within 240 bytes. 
The mapped SpreadSheet/SQL tables then essentially become external
headers to contain information that cannot fit in 240 bytes and also
allow processing of that information without reading the associated
SU seismic file. 
But this is an extensive concept, and somewhat further in the future.

Included herein are examples of the 3 SPS2 fixed-format files. And
examples of problems/issues with SPS2 files, and possible solutions.

First, I suggest you actually display shots.png and receiver.png 
and review files l2sall.txt l2rall.txt and l2xall.txt


Then I suggest you review, and run, the SUTOOLCSV examples/tests in
the order below. You should also read the information/explanations in
these files, not just run them.

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_example1

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_errors

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_unrepeat

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_sps2_sps1

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_process

 sh ./Sutoolcsv_simple2d

