SUMUTECSV performs trace muting (zeroing of amplitudes) according to             
mute functions that you define. If a 3D grid is input from a K-file 
(or via command line parameters), bilinear interpolation of those mute
functions to trace cdps is done. The basic way this happens is that 
the 3D grid is used to translate the cdp= parameter numbers to 3D grid
inline and crossline locations.                         

The fact that bilinear interpolation is done forces restrictions on 
where input mute functions can be located. If you choose to input mute   
functions along a particular inline then you must put mute functions 
at the same crosslines at any other inlines that you choose to put  
mute functions on. 

To see an example of the mute function location restrictions, view  
vellocs.png file (SUNMOCSV has the same restrictions on locations). 
Note that you can have changing gaps between functions in the inline 
direction and changing gaps between functions in crossline direction. 
But you cannot put mute functions at isolated random locations. 

Again, looking at vellocs.png note that function locations for 
cdps 136,620,716,232 surround a large area. Within this large area, 
bilinear interpolation is done using the surrounding 4 functions of 
smaller areas. If extrapolation options are NOT enabled, linear 
interpolation occurs outside the edges of the large area, just 
using the edge function values (for instance, all cdps above 
the 620,656,666,696,716 line on the image get the same mute functions 
as if they were located exactly on the 620,656,666,696,716 line). 
And (if extrapolation options are NOT enabled), all cdps that are 
outside the corners of the large area get the same mute function as 
the corner itself.

The examples here use the 3D grid definition which fits the 3D survey
used in the demos/Geom3D/Sutoolcsv, Sugeomcsv, and Subincsv examples.

The tests below contain details of how they are setup, and what 
they are intended to do and show.

I suggest you review and run the SUMUTECSV tests in this order....

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test0    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test1    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test2    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test3    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test4    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_realistic1 


The following tests are similar to tests without the q on the end, except
that the mute values are input in a q-file instead of via the command line.
They also check that the result has 0 difference with their non-q version 
and therefore should be run after the tests above.

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test0q    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test2q    

 sh ./Sumutecsv_test4q    

