SUNMOCSV reads a 3d grid definition from a K-file (or via command line parameters).
Other than that, it has the same parameters as SUNMO (except for optional check parameter).
In fact, using identical parameters as SUNMO you will get linear interpolation of the
input velocity functions, just like SUNMO. But with a 3d grid input, you get bi-linear
interpolation of the input velocity functions. The basic way this happens is that 
the 3d grid is used to translate the cdp= parameter numbers to their 3d grid locations.
(For a basic idea of the particular 3d grid used in these tests, view worldxy.png).                        

The fact that bi-linear interpolation is being done forces restrictions on where
the input velocity functions are located. If you choose to input velocity functions  
along a particular inline then you must put velocity functions at the same crosslines
at any other inlines that you choose to put velocity functions on.

To see an example of the velocity function location restrictions, view vellocs.png.
Note that you can have changing gaps between functions in the inline direction and
changing gaps between functions in the crossline direction. But you cannot put  
velocity functions at isolated random locations. 

Again, looking at vellocs.png note that function locations for cdps 136,620,716,232
surround a large area. Within this large area, bi-linear interpolation is done using   
the surrounding 4 functions of smaller areas. Outside the edges of the large area,
linear interpolation occurs just using the edge functions (for instance, all cdps  
above the 620,656,666,696,716 line on the image get the same velocity functions 
as if they were located exactly on the 620,656,666,696,716 line). All cdps that
are outside the corners of the large area get the same velocity function as the 
corner itself.

Note again in vellocs.png that the input velocity functions are all located
near the bottom of the image. Nothing wrong with that, sometimes surveys only
need tight velocity control in a limited area. You can, of course, also just have
one input velocity. Or some input velocities along just 1 inline or 1 crossline.
 

The examples herein use the 3d grid definition which fits the 3d survey used in the
demos/Geom3D/Sutoolcsv and demos/Geom3D/Sugeomcsv and demos/Geom3D/Subincsv examples.

I suggest you review and run the SUNMOCSV tests in this order....


Sunmocsv_realistic1 

Sunmocsv_realistic2

Sunmocsv_test1    

Sunmocsv_test2    

Sunmocsv_example4

